Timing & subtitles brought to you by the Touch Me If You Can Team @ Viki
Why did you ask to see me?
Gi Seo...
Father...
It's been a long time, Gi Seo.
Father, why...
Are you asking because you really don't know?
You should have known.
You should have realized
why I had to do this.
That's right. There were a lot of things that needed you to be dead to be solved.
But I really don't know the reason why you had to trick me as well.
I believed in you.
What did you believe in?
If you tell me to move my hands, I move my hands,
if you tell me to move my feet, I move my feet,
did you believe that I would become your dog that lived like that forever?
What should we do now?
What kind of dog tricks are you going to ask
your idiotic son to do?
What were you so unsatisfied with that you had to jump out from the grave?
Your grandfather
raised me as harshly as I raised you.
That's why I became stronger and was able to protect the Bukcheon that your grandfather raised.
You didn't choose me then.
So I don't understand why you're telling me this now.
My father didn't choose me either.
My father didn't let go off Bukcheon until the day he died.
That's why I betrayed my father who made me stronger.
I became my father's dog and took everything of his forcefully.
He only acknowledged me
after I took everything from me.
You have to become a beast who will rip his own father apart
to become Bukcheon's owner.
Are you telling me
to become just like you?
I wasn't the eldest son originally.
If he's a hindrance to your future, throw Joon Seo away.
Thank you for what you have given me father.
Now I understand what you mean.
Gi Seo.
I missed you, my son.
Untouchable
- 15 -
Are you saying this person will protect me?
This person is the previous mayor Jang Beom Ho's son.
He saved you.
Even so, they're of the same bloodline, same family. How can I trust this person?
Prosecutor, I don't think this place is right. Please move me to another place.
Excuse me, if you really can't trust us, walk out with your own two feet. We won't chase after you.
What?
If you want, I can take you to Seoul.
Although I don't know if Seoul will be safe or not.
Are you guys threatening me?
It's not just Bukcheon, there's no place in Korea that you will be safe.
We aren't safe if we're with you. We are also putting our lives on the line.
Trust us.
This is the best I can do to protect you.
Even so, these people...
Just do what I tell you to do.
I will determine the way you live.
The moment I let you go, you'll die.
Hello.
You're the prosecutor who took me to the hospital not long ago, right?
Yes.
Ah, yes. Please sit down.
How did uncle pass away? [His father's elder brother]
Why are you asking about Beom Ju Hyung suddenly?
Since father is gone, shouldn't I handle his estate?
I need to know how he died to respect his wishes in caring for his estate.
Tell me what you know please.
Team leader, he's not safe here either. If he stopped by at the prosecutor's office, that means information could have been leaked.
That's true. The cops are all over that place.
We can't say that's not a possibility.
I found out the area where Joo Tae Seob's phone signal was.
Where is he?
He was located in the sea near Bukcheon, but looking at the map...
Heugryeongdo is the most likely place.
Heugryeongdo...
He died in an accident when he went to Japan with your father.
Luckily, Beom Ho Hyung survived.
At the time, Beom Ho Hyung was in shock
so we were forbidden from talking about it.
What was the reason behind the accident?
Your father who was with him would have known best.
As you know, your father
was someone with a lot of greed.
Don't think too much about what happened with Ja Gyeong.
You will become mayor in the end.
Bukcheon will definitely fail without the Jang family.
People know that.
Hello Uncle.
Have you been well? It's hard to see you around.
Hello.
Aren't you Doctor Yoo from Bukcheon Hospital?
Why are you here?
i brought him here.
He's the doctor who treated father until the end.
When I think about what I would bring out from that house,
this is the only thing that was mine.
That family is going to fall apart soon,
even if you take it out after they fall, it's not too late.
Ah, there was one more thing other than this.
That land under my name.
Isn't that enough?
Don't I become the new owner of Bukcheon now?
Just because the land is in your possession,
it doesn't mean you're the owner.
You have to own the people on the land
to become the true owner.
Then do that for me.
You still don't know people.
That's not it. You...
still don't have any thoughts of giving me what is yours.
Give me everything. Then I'll cry for you...
when you die.
Starting from tomorrow, come home for dinner if you don't have any meetings,
I'll make dinner for you myself.
Thanks.
Did that doctor say so?
That father didn't pass away, but pretended to pass away?
If you're curious, go listen to what he has to say.
Forget it.
Did you know or did Father let you know?
What's the reason you brought that Doctor all the way here?
Because I didn't think Father would leave alone the person who knows his secret.
You feel our house is the safest place?
That doctor will reveal that Father is alive.
I'm not interested in your election.
But you'll have to prepare for what will happen after the truth have been revealed.
I'm grateful to you for being considerate toward me.
But I worry about you more.
Did you meet with Father?
Don't go up against Father.
Father is a monster. A worse monster than you think.
Don't worry. I can become a monster myself.
Come in if you think you can kill me in this house.
Is this the answer to my request, Father?
Did Father order you?
You'll have to go through me from now on.
Let's get along.
Please give me a call.
I want to find Father.
You already know.
You even spoke of it yourself.
Beom Ho is alive.
You must miss your deceased father very much.
Father is in Heugryeongdo right now.
It's something the world would be shocked to hear.
A friend whom I thought was dead is living in Heugryeongdo.
Please let me enter Heugryeongdo.
Why should I?
You want the Jang family destroyed.
I want to know my father well.
I hope you'd tell me everything you know about my fahter.
Well, what do you think I'd know?
I'll give you back the life you had back in Bukcheon.
I'm grateful, but...
Where Father's people came from...
Why they're so loyal to him to the extent of putting their lives on the line...
In place of my deceased father, shouldn't I take care of those people as his eldest son?
I had turned my back against you, President Jang.
That's right. That's why I'm asking you to give me a reason why I shouldn't kill you.
If you find live Jang Beom Ho, it's over for Beom Ho or Gi Seo.
But I don't think the Jang family would be destroyed by doing that.
One person whom I worry about the most still remains.
Wouldn't I be easier for you to deal with rather than my father?
I have a harder time dealing with guys like you.
It becomes tiresome to deal with a guy without any ambitions.
Do you think I don't have any ambitions?
I have inherited my father's blood.
After you destroy your father, who's next?
When my enemy becomes older and weak...
Strangely, I feel like I become weak, too.
If you're going to become a Jang Beom Ho anyway, become a very strong Jang Beom Ho.
So that I'd feel like it's worth a fight.
Okay. I'll do my best not to disappoint you.
It will be temporary, but I'll help you, Joon Seo.
What I did was to catch criminals and...
Rather than sending them to prison, I was to hand them over to Director Yong.
Kang Mo Sik and others... They're criminals I handed over as well.
How many guys like that are there?
Well? I never counted, but...
I think there's more than a hundred only the guys I handed over.
I'd like to see a list of their names.
Ah... that's...
I'm giving you a chance. To become one of my men.
Timing & subtitles brought to you by the Touch Me If You Can Team @ Viki
Here's their names... what they're doing now... and their contact information.
I got it.
We're finished. Take him home comfortably.
No, I'll get going by myself.
No. It's dangerous because you know too much. We'll protect you.
President, this is different than what you promised.
You talk so easily! How can I trust someone like you and have you under me?
Mayor Jang Beom Ho never kicked people out this way.
This is wrong, President! President!
I'm different than my father.
[ List of criminals ]
He planted so many of them all over the place.
Say you decided to betray your father who raised you to be strong.
Turn the men who are on your father's side into your men and take everything your father has by force!
I'll show you. Exactly the way you did.
In place of my deceased father, shouldn't I take care of those people as his eldest son?
Right! That's path you need to take, Gi Seo!
Where did you get this?
There's a drinking buddy of mine working at the Jang Gi Seo campaign.
Secretary Jo, you did a great work this time.
[ Welcome! This is mayoral candidate Jung Yoon Mi's campaign office. ]
I leaked the information as you told me to.
Okay. Good job.
[ Jo Gwang Ho (Im Jong Hyeok)
Occupation - Secretary to Assemblyman Kim Won Se ]
[ Bukcheon Mayoral Candidate Debate ]
Would this work?
My secretary obtained it from candidate Jang's camp.
They're questions that seem most difficult for candidate Jang to answer while preparing for the debate.
Isn't this dangerous?
In any case, the Bukcheon land issue is something we must bring up anyway.
Besides, Jang Gi Seo hit the bottom due to Goo Ja Gyeong's divorce announcement.
We have to punch him well at this point.
Fine. Let's do it.
It's something those guys themselves pointed out as his Achilles heel.
I'm sure it will work.
Would the reporters show up?
They'll come.
Did you block all the roads to that house?
Yes.
No matter what excuse you use, don't let a single reporter get into that house.
Yes, I understand.
Yes, this is No Ji Hwan, Bukcheon's Police Chief.
Yes, chief. Why are you calling?
I'm sorry. Please follow the signs.
Why are they doing this?
I'm sorry.
Why exactly are you blocking off this area?
There was a terrorist threat to Candidate Jang Gi Seo.
Until we can confirm safety, please follow our order.
I'm sorry.
-Let them all go.
-Why?
It's the Police Chief's order.
-Open it.
-Open the gates.
Yes. Okay.
You worked hard.
Bukcheon high school was found by your grandfather, former mayor Jang Sung Joo...
Is this correct?
Yes.
And the school is still owned by the Jang family.
That's right.
I understand that most of the high ranking officials in Bukcheon are graduates of Bukcheon high school.
People would even say you can't get anywhere in Bukcheon without attending Bukcheon high school.
Bukcheon High is the pride of Bukcheon.
It has produced a president...
as well as people in economics, politics, and society overalll...
It has produced countless numbers of talented individuals.
I acknowledge that.
However, because of those academies, Bukcheon is rotting away.
Even now, the best and brightest of Bukcheon are concentrated in Bukcheon high school.
Eventually, they will all become...
slaves to the Jang family because of all its connections.
If I become mayor, I will convert Bukcheon high school into a public school.
Not long before he passed away, my father, the former mayor Jang Beom Ho...
spoke these words to me, which were like his will.
What you need to protect isn't our wealth or our name.
Protect Bukcheon High.
Bukcheon High is Bukcheon's future and lifeline.
The deceased former mayor Jang Beom Ho...
treasured and grew Bukcheon high school as if it was a part of himself.
To abandon Bukcheon High School is same as denying Former Mayor Jang Beom Ho.
I was the representative who revealed the news of former Mayor Jang Beom Ho's death.
However, the news was false.
Former Mayor Jang Beom Ho is currently alive.
If that is the true, how did something like that happen?
Former Mayor Jang Beom Ho asked me something,
he asked me if I could make him dead for 30 min.
I just did as he told me to do.
Why do you think he asked you to do something like that?
I don't know about that.
However, one thing that is certain,
is that my life is in danger
just by knowing that that person is alive.
Bukcheon 24 Hours
Now, Reporter Oh, there was a shocking interview that revealed that former Mayor Jang Beom Ho is alive.
How much of this can be seen as truth?
So far there hasn't been any witnesses or evidence
that can prove that he is alive.
Then isn't there a possibility that the content of the interview was fabricated?
To be honest, there is a lot of talk between the Bukcheon citizens
that Candidate Jung Yoon Mi's side has fabricated this story.
Is that so?
Making former Mayor Jang Beom Ho look like a criminal
in order to get votes. Something like that.
But even that hasn't been confirmed.
During the debate, candidate Jung Yoon Mi...
Something you can call Former Mayor Jang Beom Ho's legacy...
She suggested we get rid of Bukcheon High School.
She even made that suggestion.
So, the suspicion grows.
Yes, that seems to be the case.
Candidate Jung Yoon Mi who insulted Former Mayor Jang Beom Ho...
Drop out of the race!
Drop out! Drop out!
Mayor Jang Beom Ho is our hero!
Let's drive out Bukcheon's traitors who are spreading false rumors!
Drive out! Drive out!
Bukcheon's traitor, Jung Yoon Mi!
Let's drive her out from Bukcheon!
Drive out! Drive out!
Jung Yoon Mi to hell!
To hell!
To hell! To hell!
I never imagined that he'd turn around the Bukcheon High School issue into Jang Beom Ho issue.
This is crazy.
How does my approval rating look?
Everyone! Our great hero...
The son of former mayor Jang Beom Ho...
Here comes candidate Jang Gi Seo!
Hello.
I'm Gongwha democratic party mayoral candidate, Jang Gi Seo.
Jang Gi Seo! Jang Gi Seo! Jang Gi Seo!
Everyone. Mayor Jang Beom Ho
is alive.
He's alive
and is watching over us from above.
Mayor Jang Beom Ho
will be with Bukcheon for forever.
Jang Beom Ho! Jang Beom Ho! Jang Beom Ho!
No, you can't. No way.
Why? People aren't buying that doctor's testimony.
I'm the only person who's seen your father personally. I can come forward as a witness.
It's not something that can be handled with you coming forward.
As long as we find my father at Heugryeongdo, it will all be resolved.
I'm saying this because a warrant can't be issued.
Just wait a little longer. I'll find out more.
So, please step up recklessly. Please...
Then I'll find another doctor to help
reveal the fabrication of his death.
Okay, instead don't go around by yourself.
Be with me all the time.
Okay, I'll contact you.
Everyone, even 50 years ago...
Bukcheon was merely a poor countryside.
But now, we've become one of the richest cities in Korea!
Your grandfathers, fathers...
It's a result of their blood and sweat.
You can never forget the roots of Bukcheon!
A tree without roots can never fruit.
Even after 100 years, Bukcheon...
will flower beautifully even after a thousand years.
It will become a tree with a thousand year history.
I, Jang Gi Seo
will definitely protect Bukcheon!
Jang Beom Ho! Jang Gi Seo! Jang Beom Ho!
Why? For what?
No matter how you hide it, it'll be revealed one day.
Why are you protecting father? Why?
I'm the eldest son of the family.
I have to protect my family.
Did father say that? Did he tell you to protect your family?
That's his excuse.
He's someone who lived for his own ambition. Please don't fall for his lies.
And you? Don't you think you only lived thinking about yourself?
Hyung...
I've been too controlled by the people around me thus far.
I finally saw the true ambition that was lying underneath me.
I'll have it.
Even if I have to put on Father's dirty shell, I'll have it.
I lived swallowing all that inside.
I'll throw it all up.
If I have to spit on Father, I'll do that.
If you get in my way, I'll get rid of you too.
[Viki Ver] jTBC E15 Untouchable
-= Ruo Xi =-
I ordered the employees to cooperate with search and seizure effort.
But I'm not sure if this will be effective.
I'm sure he probably hid anything relating to Heugryeongdo.
Don't worry. You just have to pretend.
The search and seizure conducted by the Prosecutors' Office is all like that.
You don't find evidence, you make evidence.
Just wait. There will be a search warrant on Heugryeongdo.
I understand.
I finally saw the true ambition that was lying underneath me.
I'm going to take it all.
Yes.
Okay, I'll go to the Prosecutor's office soon.
I feel like I've found my lost daughter. It's nice.
Is father-in-law really alive?
How could that be so? It's just a rumour.
I'm sure there's former mayor Jang Beom Ho's old medical records if I look for it.
No matter how sudden his death was, it could be a problem if there weren't any indications in his medical records previously.
Thank you so much.
No, of course I have to help you.
If it weren't for your help last time during the malpractice suit, I would've had to take off my gown long ago.
I just followed the law.
Okay.
Ah, but after that ended, I asked you to go for a drink...
why didn't you respond?
Ah, well...
I'm sorry, but as a prosecutor it's a bit...
No matter how much I would like to, I have to avoid meeting with people involved in the case.
I even texted you twice after that.
Oh my, what do I do. I'm sorry.
I must have ignored your kindness.
What do I do? You must have been really upset.
That doctor is quite a good person.
He comes from a good family and he's skilled.
When I first got his text, I hesitated for a bit.
I thought, should I just go out with him?
No, no. If I meet with all of them like this, I won't be able to work.
So I made a decision.
I was going to hide my charm, it'll get in the way of work.
But the men somehow always manage to find out about my charm.
Then what can I do? I really want to end things with people I meet through work, with work.
Contact that doctor,
and ask him to go through the death certificate.
There is a way.
When I meet a man through work, I'll just think of someone's face.
Then I'll see them all as a wood chip with no emotion at all.
This is a good. As expected, you have to chew a sandwich for it taste good.
A wood chip even knows how to smile.
Hey, drink this and eat slowly.
Timing & subtitles brought to you by the Touch Me If You Can Team @ Viki
It's been a while.
Is Beom Ho doing well?
What's the reason you came to find me?
Beom Ho and I are really old friends.
I also received a lot of help from him.
I believe it's my duty to help him out when he's having a hard time.
I want to share the days and nights in Bukcheon with my friend.
Beom Ho can have the nights and I can have the days.
But I'm thinking of making sure he's tied up in the dark world of Bukcheon.
So that no one can find him.
Tell Harimoto this.
Our friendship will never change.
Even if I don't tell him, he will already know.
Because you two are friends who get each other.
There's no one who knows me like Beom Ho.
There also isn't anyone who knows him as well as I do.
Are you not going home?
There's a lot to prepare for Yong Hak Soo's next trial.
I think I have to stay up all night.
Thank you.
For what?
I'm just thankful.
I'm the one who's thankful.
If I hadn't met you,
I probably would have been obsessed with becoming successful, and turned out my like my mom and your father.
I'm also thankful that you think that.
Do you still think about Jung Hye unnie a lot?
Well, sometimes.
Team Leader, you still love Jung Hye unnie, right?
Yes.
I guess asked something obvious.
Hey.
I hope you can listen without misunderstanding.
So, what I want to say is... This could be something that I'm saying out of frustration.
I'll probably regret it in thirty seconds.
But... I think I have to say it now.
If not, I think my heart will burst...
The love you had with Jung Hye unnie,
you won't do it again.
I know that.
But...
if you were to start a love like that again...
I wish it would be with me.
Ah, what the. This is so embarrassing.
I'm sorry.
I can only say thank you again.
Hey, Seo I Ra, if you're going to stay out over night, don't you have to contact me?
You're busy. You don't have time to deal with me.
Talk with me.
I have to wash up and go out.
I Ra...
can you try and understand me?
About politics...
They exaggerate what's real and they even turn things that don't exist into facts.
The me in politics isn't the real me.
I'm not that bad of a woman.
I'm just a player in the game of politics.
Are you trying to go back to being the old mom because you think you're going to lose the election?
It doesn't matter what you think of me right now,
but I hope you know this one thing.
As the rumor says, I'm not that petty of a person to come up with a fabrication that says deceased Jang Beom Ho is alive.
I know that. Because Jang Beom Ho is really alive.
What are you saying?
I saw him with my own eyes.
Is that why you carry a gun around?
You said this. That you'll make sure you relieve the resentments of the deceased detectives who died unjustly.
What you need to do is to reveal that fact when Jang Beom Ho comes back...
and relieve their resentments.
To me, you seemed more like my mom when you were a police chief than you are now.
Reporter Kim.
My older brother passed away. He died!
Why do you create such a chaos after hearing such a false rumor?
Do reporters not have anything to do these days?
Bye!
My phone ringing off the hook.
We had his funeral and even cremated him. How could he be alive?
It could happen because we cremated him.
What?
Hey, even the zombies that come out in the movies...
They can come back to life only if there's a dead body.
Because we cremated him, there's no way to confirm his death.
If Uncle is alive, I'm sure he knows everything we've been up to.
Then... we're dead, Father.
Beom Ho. How could you...
I heard baits are good these days. Did you catch lots of fish?
Yeah, yeah...
I heard you said you're going to hide me.
Yeah.
The fact that you're alive... I'll never let that be revealed to the world.
I'll do whatever it takes to stop that.
Yong Chan... Thank you!
Beom Ho...
Go with this.
Live as Harimoto. Become Harimoto and plan a new life with me.
Up until the time our Jang family made you a president...
You worked with the law. So you must know law better than anyone.
Beom Ho...
I'm a dead man to this world.
There's no need to protect a dead man in this world.
Jang Beom Ho is alive.
You don't need to deceive me also.
My daughter doesn't deceive me.
If Jang Beom Ho is alive, he must be in Heugryeongdo. That's the only place he'd be.
We must find Jang Beom Ho and prove that he's alive.
Then the election will completely turn around.
When I used to be the police chief...
The detectives who went to Heugryeongdo died mysteriously.
At the time, Jang Beom Ho personally called me and tried to appease me.
He said, "I'll go to the courtroom and testify."
And he admitted himself that he killed the Japanese businessman Ito.
There's no hole to escape.
Yes.
Where's Dad right now?
Who is it? Who did this to you, Dad?
Jang Beom Ho. Is it him?
I'll get him. Jang Beom Ho...
Unlike you, I don't have much to lose.
So, I'm not afraid of that man.
If Jang Beom Ho is alive, he must be in Heugryeongdo. That's the only place he'd be.
[ Phone call record ]
[ Permit to handle explosives ]
[ Permit to transport hazardous items ]
It's proof that Bukcheon Maritime Corporation budget is going into Heugryeongdo.
Several billion wons are being spent on maintaining Heugryeongdo every year.
At the time when the detectives disappeared...
There's evidence that shows that explosives that were used to blow up the pond was transported illegally to Heugryeongdo.
[ Cash Expense Record
Joo Tae Seop ]
Kang Moon Sik ]
[ Cash Expense Record
Park Tae Jin ]
I'm sorry, but you'll have to explain how you obtained this document.
Because I can't exclude the possibility that it was fabricated.
That...
Deceased Yoon Jung Hye hid that and gave it to me.
Jung Hye Unnie?
I feel bad toward Dad, but I'll forget about it.
I won't blame anyone.
So, just let me and Joon Seo be together.
I beg you. That's all I want.
Please.
Did your conversation go over well?
All right. I'll deliver this to my husband.
You're safe now.
Go. To be with Joon Seo.
I wish you well.
Yoon Jung Hye.
Then, the reason Jung Hye died is...
I met Yoon Jung Hye to save her.
That's the reason why my number was listed on her call list.
Why didn't you show me this document earlier?
Because I was still the daughter-in-law of Jang family.
I have to go to Yong Hak Soo's second day in court right now.
Please organize the document, so that the inspector can turn it over to the judge to issue a warrant.
It's a file that deceased Yoon Jung Hye personally turned over to Goo Ja Gyeong.
If we link Yoon Jung Hye's murder case with the detectives' incident three years ago...
We'll be able to get a warrant to search Heugryeongdo.
The phone is turned off. You'll be connected to the voicemail.
He's not answering?
Aren't you trusting Goo Yong Chan too much?
I'm going to go see him myself.
Aren't you going to go to Yong Hak Soo's second day in court?
That trial means nothing to me now. There's no way Yong ahjussi's attitude will change either.
Prosecutor Seo went to the trial. I'm sure she'll take care of it well.
Two years before she died, Yoon Jung Hye went to work for Bukcheon Maritime Corporation under the fake name Jo Min Joo.
While she was there, the ones who caused her father's death...
She found documents pertaining to secrets of Heugryeongdo and snuck it out.
That's the reason why she had to be murdered.
Can I see that document?
Due to the fact that I obtained it right before the trial, it hasn't been organized yet.
I'll submit it for the next trial day.
To summarize, you're saying Yoon Jung Hye was murdered trying to take revenge for her father's death. Right?
I believe that what Yoon Jung Hye wanted was not revenge.
Yoon Jung Hye was a young woman in her late 20s
who attended Korea Medical School.
She was someone who could have lived a life that others would have been jealous of.
However, she betted her own life and chose a hard path.
What Yoon Jung Hye really wanted, wasn't revenge for her father
but justice that hid behind the strength of power.
I heard you got caught in the waves while fishing.
You should have been careful.
Don't go to such dangerous places.
You can't be careless of Bukcheon's sea.
Even if it's calm as if it were dead, it could come alive suddenly
and come over you.
Why did you come?
He's your father, of course I should come.
Remember this. I'm not weak like my father.
Do you think of me as an enemy now?
I am thankful to you.
It was me, right?
I, Goo Ja Gyeong, instructed you to do that, right?
Yes. That's right.
You took my orders
and Jang Gyu Ho, you personally met Joo Tae Seob
and told him to kill Ahn Jin Gyeong?
I'm prepared. I'm the one who broke the deal.
Would you like to delete 1 file?
Delete
You helped me find my hidden ambition.
That ambition will erase you. Forever.
Our defendant would like to speak for himself.
Yes, please go ahead.
I ordered Yoon Jung Hye's murder.
What is the reason?
Yoon Jung Hye lied about her identity and...
faked her marriage to Jang Joon Seo, the son of mayor Jang Beom Ho.
But I didn't plan and act this out alone.
There is someone else who instructed me to kill Yoon Jung Hye.
Are you saying you will reveal the person who instructed you to kill her?
Yes. It was Jang Joon Seo.
Jang Joon Seo couldn't forgive Yoon Jung Hye
who betrayed him and his family.
He isn't at home either.
Please tell me if you know of any incident or news about Goo Yong Chan's whereabouts.
Yes.
Oh, Prosecutor Seo, how did the trial go?
Where are you right now?
I got it. I'll be there in 10 minutes.
Things just got complicated, I'll tell you in detail when I see you.
Arrest Jang Joon Seo.
Yes, Team Leader Go.
Yong Hak Soo has pointed you out as the person behind all this at the trial.
I think you need to go in hiding.
Noh Ji Hwan has ordered for you to be arrested.
They want to lock me up.
That's the only intention, so there's no need to worry too much.
I was going to meet Prosecutor Seo, so I'll meet with her and hear from her in detail.
I instructed the police beforehand
so Joon Seo will be caught soon.
Even if he gets away, in the meantime
it'll be hard for him to do whatever he wants.
Thanks, Yong Ahjusshi.
The call is not going through. After the beep...
She's not picking up the phone.
Jae Ho, didn't you follow her to the courthouse?
I was waiting in the parking lot. She was supposed to contact me after the trial
but she went to you immediately without contacting me.
I think they put you in ball and chain and...
they messed with Prosecutor Seo. She's in danger.
They won't be able to kill her.
They won't be able to do something like this to me again.
Bunch of cops are rushing over here from Seopadong intersection.
They'll be charging in here any minute.
-It's this guy right?
-Yea.
This way.
Stop there!
Team Leader, where are you going?
It's been a long time.
Didn't you come see me because you missed me?
-Let go!
-I'll buy you a drink, so let's go.
- I said to let go!
Let's go!
Joon Seo, where are you?
You didn't do it right? It was father, right?
Rest for the meantime.
I'm giving you a chance to rest.
It's a choice Yong Ahjusshi made for you too.
I don't care if you play with me.
I'm talking about Prosecutor Seo. She went missing.
You can contact father right?
Please tell him this.
If anything happens to Prosecutor Seo, I will never forgive him.
Please. Persuade him, please.
Please, hyung.
That's why I told you not to mess with father!
Hyung, father has gone crazy. We need to catch him and stop him!
Please don't get swept away by him.
Joon Seo, you can't win father right now.
Wait.
Wait calmly until I take all his power.
You're going to beat father?
The only way to beat him is to become him.
You can't become him.
You can't become him, and you shouldn't become him.
I will win.
I am not as weak as you think.
You live the life that father wants you to live.
That's the way for you to live.
Hyung.
Joon Seo, I have no thoughts of becoming father.
Because I am Jang Gi Seo.
I am me. Jang Gi Seo.
Timing & subtitles brought to you by the Touch Me If You Can Team @ Viki
Untouchable
-You're going to betray Jang Gi Seo?
-I don't want to get involved with Jang family affairs anymore.
-It doesn't matter who it is.
-You b*stards!
Detective Goo, wake up!
I'm okay. Hurry up and go get them.
They aren't even humans.
Give back everything you have. That's the only way you'll live, Ja Gyeong.
Who are you, Father?
- Heugryeongdo is me.
- Long live Jang Beom Ho!
It is our Jang family's history.
Bukcheon's owner is me, you b*stard!
It's not father! It is me!
Who do you think can punish me?